fix(nats sink): fix vector exiting if nats sink url fails dns resolution or is unavailable without --require-healthy (#23167)
vectordotdev/vector: changelog.d/22914_fix_nats_sink_ignored_healthcheck.fix.md

> Fixed crash if nats sink url is unresolvable or unavailable even when --require-healthy is not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nats` sink now does not return an error when an unresolvable or unavailable URL is provided. Note that if `--require-healthy` is set then Vector will stop on startup.
```
